EX-99.1
 2
 tm2612990d1_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

 Exhibit 99.1 

 NEWS
 RELEASE 

 Investor Contact: 

 Ben McCarville, Vice President, Director
of Investor Relations 

 920-491-7059 

 Media Contact: 

 Andrea Kozek, Vice President, Public
Relations Senior Manager 

 920-491-7518 

 Associated
Announces Annual Meeting Results; 

 Dividends;
Stock Repurchase Program; and 

 New
Technology Committee 

 GREEN BAY, Wis. –– April 28, 2026 ––
Associated Banc-Corp (NYSE:ASB) (“Associated”) today announced the results of the actions taken at its 2026 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders.

 Annual Meeting Results 

The following directors were elected:

 - John (Jay) B. Williams, chairman, Associated Banc-Corp, and chairman, Church Mutual Insurance Company 

 - Owen J. Sullivan, vice chairman, Associated Banc-Corp, and former president and chief operating officer of the former NCR Corporation 

 - Andrew J. Harmening, president and chief executive officer, Associated Banc-Corp 

 - Judith P. Greffin, former chief investment officer, Allstate Corporation 

 - Michael J. Haddad, chair of the board of directors, Schreiber Foods, Inc. 

 - Rodney Jones-Tyson, global chief human resources officer, Baird Financial Group 

 - Eileen A. Kamerick, adjunct professor of law and consultant 

 - Wende L. Kotouc, former executive co-chairperson and chief executive officer of American National Bank and executive vice president
of American National 

 - Kristen M. Ludgate, former strategic advisor and former Chief People Officer at HP Inc. 

 - Cory L. Nettles, founder and managing director, Generation Growth Capital, Inc. 

 - Karen T. van Lith, founder and CEO of APEL Worldwide, LLC 

Shareholders also (1) approved named executive officer compensation,
and (2) ratified the selection of KPMG LLP as Associated’s independent accounting firm for 2026.

The Board of Directors recognized R. Jay Gerken, Robert A. Jeffe, and
Gale E. Klappa as they retired from the Board. “We are deeply grateful to Jay Gerken, Bob Jeffe and Gale Klappa for their many years
of service and leadership,” said John (Jay) B. Williams, Chairman of the Board. “In recognition of their contributions, the
Company has made a $25,000 charitable donation in each director’s honor to the charity of their choice. We thank them for their
dedication and wish them the very best.”

 Dividends Declared 

The Associated Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash
dividend of $0.24 per common share, payable on June 15, 2026, to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 1, 2026.

The Board of Directors also declared a regular quarterly cash dividend
of $0.3671875 per depositary share on Associated’s 5.875% Series E Perpetual Preferred Stock, payable on June 15, 2026, to shareholders
of record at the close of business on June 1, 2026.

The Board of Directors also declared a regular quarterly cash dividend
of $0.3515625 per depositary share on Associated’s 5.625% Series F Perpetual Preferred Stock, payable on June 15, 2026, to shareholders
of record at the close of business on June 1, 2026.

 Stock Repurchase Program 

In addition, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $100 million
of Associated’s common stock. This repurchase authorization is in addition to the authority remaining under the previous program.
With this repurchase authorization, the total authorization to repurchase common stock is $214 million as of April 28, 2026. Repurchases
under such programs are subject to regulatory limitations and may occur from time to time in open market purchases, block transactions,
accelerated share repurchase programs or similar facilities.

 Technology Committee Established 

The Board of Directors also established a Technology Committee of the
Board. The Technology Committee will oversee Associated’s data management, information technology, information security, vendor
management, and measures taken by Associated to assess and mitigate risks in such areas.

 ABOUT ASSOCIATED BANC-CORP 

Associated Banc-Corp (NYSE: ASB) has total assets of approximately
$50 billion and is the largest bank holding company based in Wisconsin. Headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin, Associated is a leading
Midwest banking franchise, offering a full range of financial products and services from over 200 banking locations throughout Wisconsin,
Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri and Nebraska. The Company also operates loan production offices in Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, New
York, Ohio and Texas. Associated Bank, N.A. is an Equal Housing Lender, Equal Opportunity Lender and Member FDIC. More information about
Associated Banc-Corp is available at www.associatedbank.com.

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Statements made in this presentation which are not purely
historical are forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This includes any
statements regarding management’s plans, objectives, or goals for future operations, products or services, and forecasts of
its revenues, earnings, or other measures of performance. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such
as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,”
“should,” “intend,” "target,” “outlook,” “project,”
“guidance,” “forecast,” or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current management
expectations and, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained
in the forward-looking statements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in such
forward-looking statements include the ability to complete the proposed transaction involving Associated Banc-Corp
("Associated") and American National Bank ("American National") and to integrate the two businesses successfully
and in a timely manner, if at all; the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the transaction are not realized when expected
or at all; and such other risk factors as identified in the Company’s most recent Form 10-K and subsequent Form 10-Qs and
other SEC filings, and such factors are incorporated herein by reference.