EX-99.1
 2
 tm2625156d1_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

 Exhibit 99.1 

 REDWOOD TRUST ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER 2026
COMMON AND PREFERRED DIVIDENDS 

 MILL
VALLEY, CA –– Redwood Trust, Inc. (NYSE:
RWT; “Redwood” or the “Company”), a leader in expanding access to housing for homebuyers and renters, today announced
that its Board of Directors (the “Board”) has declared third quarter 2026 common and preferred stock dividends. 

 Common Stock Dividend 

 The Board has
authorized the declaration of a third quarter 2026 regular common stock dividend of $0.18 per share, unchanged from the second quarter
of 2026. This marks the Company's 109 th consecutive quarterly common dividend. The third quarter 2026 common stock dividend
is payable on September 30, 2026 to stockholders of record on September 23, 2026. 

 Preferred Stock Dividend 

 In accordance
with the terms of Redwood’s 10.00% Series A Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (“Series A”), the
Board authorized the declaration of a Series A dividend for the third quarter of 2026 of $0.625 per share. Dividends for the Series A
are payable on October 15, 2026 to stockholders of record on October 1, 2026. 

 About Redwood 

Redwood Trust, Inc.
(NYSE: RWT) is a specialty finance company focused on several distinct areas of housing credit where we provide liquidity to growing
segments of the U.S. housing market not well served by government programs. We deliver customized housing credit investments to a diverse
mix of investors, through our best-in-class securitization platforms, whole-loan distribution activities, joint ventures and our publicly
traded shares. We operate through three core residential housing-focused operating platforms Sequoia, Aspire, and CoreVest — alongside
our complementary Redwood Investments portfolio which is primarily composed of assets we source through these platforms. Redwood Investments
also includes RWT Horizons®, our unified technology platform spanning internal AI innovation and strategic investments across the
ecosystem, which supports our efforts to develop an AI-first operating model that enables compounding operational leverage and scalable
growth. This reflects how we manage and organize our business and may differ from the manner in which our reportable segments are presented
for financial reporting purposes. Our goal is to provide attractive returns to shareholders through a stable and growing stream of earnings
and dividends, capital appreciation, and a commitment to technological innovation that facilitates risk minded scale. Redwood Trust is
internally managed and structured as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for tax purposes. For more information about Redwood,
please visit our website at www.redwoodtrust.com or connect with us on LinkedIn .

 CONTACT 

Investor Relations

Phone: 866-269-4976

Email: investorrelations@redwoodtrust.com