false 0001438533 
 0001438533 2026-05-06 2026-05-06 

UNITED STATES
 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K 

Current Report
 
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 6, 2026 

 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 Delaware 
 
 001-36257 
 
 27-4842691 

(State or other jurisdiction
 
of incorporation)

(Commission
 
File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer
 
Identification No.)

 3611 Valley Centre Drive , Suite 300 
 
 San Diego , CA 92130 
 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)
 
 (888) 969-7879 
 
(Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code)
 
Not Applicable
 
(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

 ☐ 
 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 ☐ 
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 ☐ 
 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 ☐ 
 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading
Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange
 
on which registered

 Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
 
 TVTX 
 
 The Nasdaq Global Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).
 
Emerging growth company  ☐ 
 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 Item 1.01 
 
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

 Completion of Senior Convertible Notes Offering 
 
On May 11, 2026 (the “Closing Date”), Travere Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) completed its registered underwritten public offering of $525.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2032 (such notes, the “Notes,” and such offering, the “Offering”) pursuant to the underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Leerink Partners LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters (the “Underwriters”), described in Item 8.01 below, which includes $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional Notes, solely to cover over-allotments. 
 
The Notes were offered and sold in a public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2024, which was effective upon filing (Registration No. 333-281194), including the prospectus supplement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) under the Securities Act, dated May 6, 2026, to the prospectus contained in the registration statement (the “Registration Statement”). 
 
 Base Indenture and Supplemental Indenture 
 
The Company issued the Notes under an indenture, dated as of the Closing Date (the “Base Indenture”), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture, dated as of the Closing Date (the “Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”), between the Company and the Trustee. 
 
The Notes will mature on May 15, 2032 (the “Maturity Date”), unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and bear interest at an annual rate of 0.50%, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on November 15, 2026. 
 
Holders may convert their Notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2026 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s common stock for each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter exceeds 130% of the conversion price on the applicable trading day; (2) during the five consecutive business days immediately after any 10 consecutive trading day period (such 10 consecutive trading day period, the “measurement period”) if the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company’s common stock; (4) if the Company calls the Notes for redemption; and (5) at any time from, and including, February 17, 2032 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the Maturity Date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of the Company’s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company’s common stock, at the Company’s election, based on the applicable conversion rate(s). 
 
The initial conversion rate for the Notes is 15.4078 shares of the Company’s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $64.90 per share. If a “make-whole fundamental change” (as defined in the Indenture) occurs, then the Company will in certain circumstances increase the conversion rate for a specified period of time. 

The Company may not redeem the Notes at its option at any time before May 21, 2029. The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to the partial redemption limitation described below), at the Company’s option at any time, and from time to time, on a redemption date occurring on or after May 21, 2029 and, in the case of any partial redemption, on or before the 30th scheduled trading day immediately before the Maturity Date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date but only if the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price on (1) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes unless at least $75.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. If a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) occurs, then, except as described in the Indenture, holders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 
The Indenture contains customary events of default including: (1) a default in the payment when due (whether at maturity, upon redemption, repurchase upon fundamental change or otherwise) of the principal of, or the redemption price or fundamental change repurchase price for, any Note; (2) a default for 30 consecutive days in the payment when due of interest on any Note; (3) the Company’s failure to deliver, when required by the Indenture, a fundamental change notice or certain other required notices if (in the case of any notice other than a notice for specified corporate events) such failure is not cured within three business days after its occurrence; (4) a default in the Company’s obligation to convert a Note in accordance with the Indenture upon the exercise of the conversion right with respect thereto and such failure continues for five business days; (5) a default in the Company’s obligations related to a consolidation, merger or asset sale of the Company; (6) a default in the Company’s obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes (other than a default set forth in (1), (2), (3), (4), or (5) above) where such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice to the Company by the trustee, or to the Company and the trustee by holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding; (7) a default by the Company or any of the Company’s significant subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) with respect to any one or more mortgages, agreements, or other instruments under which there is outstanding, or by which there is secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed with a principal amount of at least $50.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company or any of the Company’s significant subsidiaries, whether such indebtedness exists as of the date the Company first issues the Notes or is thereafter created, where such default: (i) constitutes a failure to pay the principal of any of such indebtedness when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; or (ii) results in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable before its stated maturity (an “acceleration”), and, in either case, such acceleration has not been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default is not cured or waived, or such indebtedness is not paid or discharged in full, within 60 days after written notice to the Company by the trustee or to the Company and the trustee by holders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding; (8) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization with respect to the Company or any of the Company’s significant subsidiaries. 
 
If certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related Events of Defaults occur, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the then outstanding Notes shall automatically become due and payable. If an event of default other than certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of defaults occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the holders of the Notes of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the then outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indenture provides that, to the extent the Company elects, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture will, for the first 365 days after such event of default, consist exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the Notes. 

The Indenture provides that the Company may not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person (other than any such sale, lease or transfer to one or more of the Company’s wholly owned subsidiaries not effected by means of a consolidation or merger), unless: (1) the resulting, surviving or transferee person is the Company or, if not the Company, is a “qualified successor entity” (as defined in the Indenture) duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia that expressly assumes (by executing and delivering to the trustee, at or before the effective time of such business combination event, a supplemental indenture) all of the Company obligations under the Indenture and the Notes and (2) immediately after giving effect to such business combination event, no default or event of default will have occurred and be continuing. 
 
A copy of the Base Indenture is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Supplemental Indenture, including the form of Note, is filed as Exhibit 4.2 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of the Notes and the Indenture in this Current Report is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Indenture and the form of Note included therein. 

 Item 2.03 
 
Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

 Item 3.02 
 
Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities. 

To the extent that any shares of Common Stock are issued upon conversion of the Notes (the “Conversion Shares”), and at the time of conversion there is not then an effective registration statement relating to the issuance of the Conversion Shares, they will be issued in transactions anticipated to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), by virtue of Section 3(a)(9) thereof because no commission or other remuneration is expected to be paid in connection with any conversion of the Notes and any resulting issuance of shares of Common Stock. Initially, a maximum of 11,729,182 shares of Common Stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 22.3413 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. 

 Item 8.01 
 
Other Events. 

On May 6, 2026, the Company entered into the Underwriting Agreement with the Underwriters, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell $475.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes and, at the option of the Underwriters, up to an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes, solely to cover over-allotments. 
 
The Underwriting Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribute to payments that the Underwriters may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. 
 
The foregoing description of the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by the copy thereof which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
The Company estimates that net proceeds from the Offering will be approximately $508.5 million, after deducting the Underwriters’ discounts and commissions and estimated transaction expenses associated with the Offering payable by the Company. The Company intends to use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to repurchase approximately $221.4 million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 2.25% senior convertible notes due 2029 for cash, including accrued and unpaid interest, of approximately $350.9 million. The Company intends to use the remaining net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include commercialization expenses, clinical trial and other research and development expenses, capital expenditures, working capital and general and administrative expenses. 
 
In connection with the Offering, the Company is filing the opinion and consent of its counsel, Cooley LLP, regarding the validity of the securities registered in the Offering, as Exhibits 5.1 and 23.1 hereto, respectively. 
 
On May 5, 2026 and May 6, 2026, the Company issued press releases announcing the commencement of the Offering and the pricing of the Offering, respectively. Copies of these press releases are attached as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 hereto, respectively. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, without limitation, statements regarding the expected net proceeds from the Offering and use of those net proceeds. These statements relate to future events and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the Company’s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “expects”, “plans”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “projects”, “predicts”, “potential” and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect the Company’s current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond the Company’s control. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Investors are referred to the full discussion of risks and uncertainties, including under the heading “Risk Factors”, as included in the Company’s most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 Item 9.01 
 
Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

 Exhibit
Number 
 
 Description 

  1.1* 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated May 6, 2026, by and among the Company, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Jefferies LLC and Leerink Partners LLC. 

  4.1 
 
 Base Indenture, dated May 11, 2026, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, National Association as Trustee. 

  4.2 
 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated May 11, 2026, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 0.50% Convertible Senior Note due 2032). 

  5.1 
 
 Opinion of Cooley LLP. 

 23.1 
 
 Consent of Cooley LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 

 99.1 
 
 Launch Press Release of the Company dated May 5, 2026. 

 99.2 
 
 Pricing Press Release of the Company dated May 6, 2026. 

 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

 * 
 
Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

 TRAVERE THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 Dated: May 11, 2026 

 By: 

/s/ Eric Dube

 Name: 
 
 Eric Dube 

 Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer