false 
 0000098222 

 0000098222 

 2026-08-25 
 2026-08-25 

 iso4217:USD 

 xbrli:shares 

 iso4217:USD 

 xbrli:shares 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM
 8-K 

 CURRENT REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of 

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August
25, 2026 

 Tidewater Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)

 Delaware 
 1-6311 
 72-0487776 

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)
 
 (Commission

 File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

 842
West Sam Houston Parkway North , Suite
400 

 Houston ,
 Texas 

 77024 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

 Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: ( 713 ) 470-5300 

 Not Applicable 

 (Former Name or Former
Address, If Changed Since Last Report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

 ¨ 
 Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 ¨ 
 Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 ¨ 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 ¨ 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

 Title of each class 
 
 Trading 

Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which 

registered 

 Common stock, $0.001 par value per share 
 
 TDW 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2).

Emerging Growth Company ¨ 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ 

 Introductory
Note 

On
August 31, 2026 (the “ Closing Date ”), Tidewater Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Tidewater ” or
the “ Company ”), completed its acquisition (the “ Transaction ”) of all outstanding capital stock of
Wilson, Sons Ultratug Participações S.A. (“ WSUT ”) and Atlantic Offshore Services S.A. (together with
WSUT, the “ Target Companies ”). As a result of this Transaction, the Company acquired the assets owned by the Target
Companies and their wholly owned subsidiaries, which include a fleet of 22 platform supply vessels.

 Item
1.01 
 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

 Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase Agreement 

 As
previously disclosed, on February 22, 2026, the Company entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement (the “ Original SPA ”),
by and among Wilson Sons S.A. (“ Wilson Sons ”), Ultranav International II, S.A. (“ Ultranav ”), Remolcadores
Ultratug Limitada (“ Remolcadores ”, together with Wilson Sons and Ultranav, the “ Sellers ”), the
Target Companies, the Company, and Pan Marine do Brasil Ltda., a company incorporated in Brazil and a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, and Tidewater Marine International, Inc., a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company (collectively, the “ Tidewater Purchasers ”, together with the Company, the “ Tidewater Parties ”).
On August 25, 2026, the Sellers, the Target Companies and the Tidewater Parties entered into an Amended and Restated Sale and Purchase
Agreement (the “ Amended & Restated SPA ”), to: (a) allow for the consummation of the Transaction prior
to the replacement of certain parent company guarantees in respect of the Target Companies’ BNDES Construction Loans (as defined
below) (the “ BNDES Parent Company Guarantees ”); (b) provide for the covenant of the Tidewater Parties described
under “Replacement of BNDES Parent Company Guarantees” below; (c) clarify the means by which certain parent company
guarantors in respect of the BB Loan (as defined below) with Banco do Brasil S.A. (“ BB ”) will be released, as a condition
to closing the Transaction; (d) allow for the parties to agree to complete the Transaction on August 31, 2026; and (e) amend
certain other ancillary matters. The foregoing description of the Amended and Restated SPA and the transactions contemplated thereby
are subject to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated SPA, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto,
the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.

 Replacement
of BNDES Parent Company Guarantees 

In
connection with and pursuant to the Amended and Restated SPA, as soon as reasonably practicable following the Closing Date but prior to
December 31, 2026, the Tidewater Parties are required to use best endeavors to: (a) (i) replace the BNDES Parent Company
Guarantees or (ii) repay in full the amounts outstanding of such certain loans contained therein; and (b) terminate the BNDES
Parent Company Guarantees and fully release in writing each relevant Seller from any obligation and liability in respect thereof. To support
and backstop the Company’s obligations to indemnify the relevant Sellers in respect to the replacement of the BNDES Parent Company
Guarantees, the Company procured unsecured bank guarantees from DNB Bank ASA not to exceed the amount of USD $170,458,000 (the “ Replacement
LCs ”) in effect prior to the Closing Date. In connection with the issuance of the Replacement LCs, Tidewater is required to
maintain minimum liquidity (defined as unrestricted cash plus undrawn capacity under any of the Company’s revolving credit facilities)
in an amount at least equal to 1.25x of the total outstanding amount of the Replacement LCs. For so long as each Replacement LC remains
in full force and effect in accordance with its terms and conditions, the relevant Seller may make a written demand for payment in respect
of the Tidewater Parties’ indemnification obligations in connection with replacing the BNDES Parent Company Guarantees, including
for any steps taken in relation to an enforcement action by Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social (“ BNDES ”),
subject to the terms and limitations set forth in the Amended and Restated SPA. The Replacement LCs serve to additionally support the
covenant of the Tidewater Parties to replace such BNDES Parent Company Guarantees by December 31, 2026. The Replacement LCs will
remain in effect until the earlier of December 31, 2026 and the date on which DNB Bank ASA receives a written notice from the Company
and the Sellers requesting termination of the Replacement LCs. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated SPA, the Sellers are obligated to
provide such written notice to DNB Bank ASA once the relevant BNDES Parent Company Guarantees are terminated and the Sellers are released
from any obligation and liability in respect thereof.

 Banco
do Brasil Loan and Replacement of Parent Company Guarantee 

The
description of and the information set forth under Item 2.03 below is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference as if fully set forth
under this item.

 Item  2.01 Completion
of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

 The
disclosure set forth in the “Introductory Note” above is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference. On the Closing Date,
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated SPA, the Company completed the Transaction in exchange for consideration
consisting of an aggregate purchase price of USD $500 million, on a debt free, cash free basis. The purchase price was subject to customary
adjustments as set forth in the Amended and Restated SPA, including (without limitation) a reduction for the Target Companies’
Closing Date indebtedness (net of cash), capex, transaction costs and other transaction related expenses, and an increase by the excess
of the Target Companies’ Closing Date working capital over a USD $30.1 million target. On the Closing Date, the Tidewater Parties
paid approximately USD $283.1 million in cash and acquired the Target Companies subject to their existing debt totaling approximately
USD $229.3 million, as provided by BNDES and BB. The purchase price remains subject to a customary post-closing adjustment as set forth
in the Amended and Restated SPA. As previously announced, the Tidewater Purchasers incepted into certain warranty and indemnity insurance
policies (collectively, the “ W&I Insurance Policy ”) in connection with the Transaction allowing for the Tidewater
Purchasers to bring claims for losses arising out of breaches of the warranties and tax covenant, subject to the terms and limitations
set forth in the Amended and Restated SPA. Following the closing of the Transaction, the W&I Insurance Policy will remain in effect
for the duration of the policy terms contained therein.

The
foregoing description of the Amended and Restated SPA and the transactions contemplated thereby are subject to and qualified in their
entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated SPA, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto, the terms of which are incorporated
herein by reference.

 Item
 2.03 

 Creation
 of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

 Banco do Brasil Loan and Replacement
of Parent Company Guarantee 

On
the Closing Date, the Company replaced Remolcadores and its affiliate as the new guarantor of the existing loan (the “ BB Loan ”)
from BB, as lender, to Magallanes Navegação Brasileira S.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of WSUT (“ MNB ”),
as borrower. The guarantor replacement was made pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, dated August 18, 2026, to the Fixed Credit Facility
No. 20/00502-4 between BB, MNB, the Company, WSUT, and Wilson Sons Offshore S.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of WSUT (“ WSO ”),
which became effective as of the consummation of the Transaction upon satisfaction of the conditions specified therein.

The
Fixed Credit Facility No. 20/00502-4 (the “ BB Loan Agreement ”), executed on December 18, 2008 and as subsequently
amended, provides a secured loan with an interest rate of 3.10% per annum that matures on December 18, 2030. The principal of the
BB Loan amortizes in equal monthly installments of approximately USD $0.4 million, and interest is payable monthly. As of the Closing
Date, the BB Loan had an outstanding principal amount of approximately USD $22.5 million.

The
BB Loan Agreement contains certain customary covenants and events of default. The covenants include, among others: (i) maintaining
a ratio of EBITDA to debt service payments (comprised of principal amortizations and interest) at 1.1 : 1 or higher; (ii) maintaining
an aggregate appraisal value of at least 130% of the outstanding loan balance for vessels serving as collateral; (iii) not changing
the vessels’ primary activities without the lender’s consent; (iv) entering into contracts at market prices; (v) permitting
vessel inspections by the lender; and (vi) complying with environmental law. BB has the right to declare all outstanding installments
immediately due and payable if, among other things, MNB: (i) fails to timely pay any obligation; (ii) fails to pay any other
debt exceeding BRL$500,000 within 30 days after notice; (iii) engages in bankruptcy proceedings; (iv) fails to make timely defense
of legal or tax proceedings; (v) provides incomplete or falsified information to the lender; (vi) fails to disclose material
information; (vii) defaults on another obligation exceeding BRL$500,000; (viii) commits fraud involving the collateral; (ix) fails
to maintain insurance; (x) fails to supplement collateral when required; (xi) fails to make timely defense against any government
assessments; or (xii) undergoes seizure, expropriation or nationalization of assets.

All
obligations under the BB Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and secured by a perfected security interest in four vessels owned
by MNB. As of the Closing Date, as additional security for MNB’s obligations under the BB Loan Agreement, MNB delivered to BB a
bank guarantee issued by Banco Bradesco S.A. in an amount equal to 20% of the outstanding balance.

The
foregoing summary of the BB Loan Agreement is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the text of the BB Loan Agreement, a copy
of which will be filed with the Company’s Quarterly Report for Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2026.

 BNDES
Construction Loans 

After
the Closing Date, WSO will maintain the existing loan facilities under the Credit Facility Agreements Nos. 07.2.0417.1, 07.2.0418.1, 10.2.1621.1,
12.2.0433.1, and 12.2.0434.1 (collectively, the “ BNDES Construction Loan Agreements ” and such loans, the “ BNDES
Construction Loans ”), entered into between 2007 and 2012 and as amended, by and between BNDES, as lender, WSO, as borrower,
and the Sellers (or their affiliates), as guarantors. These loan facilities were originally created to fund the construction of the borrower’s
vessels and have since remained outstanding after all the vessel construction has been completed.

Each
BNDES Construction Loan Agreement provides for a secured loan facility with an interest rate between 2.64% and 3.43% per annum and a maturity
date that varies between December 2026 and December 2035. The principal of the BNDES Construction Loans currently amortizes
in aggregate monthly installments of approximately USD $2.3 million (subject to reduction as individual loans mature), and interest is
payable monthly. As of the Closing Date, the BNDES Construction Loans had an aggregate outstanding principal amount of approximately USD
$170.1 million.

The
BNDES Construction Loan Agreements contain certain customary covenants, including that WSO must comply with the “Provisions Applicable
to BNDES Contracts” ( Disposições Aplicáveis aos Contratos do BNDES, Resoluçăo 665/87 ).
Among its other obligations (with variations among the loan agreements), WSO must: (i) utilize the loan proceeds within a set period;
(ii) grant BNDES certain rights under the insurance policies for the collateral vessels; (iii) comply with the laws applicable
to persons with disabilities; (iv) offer a training program in the event of workforce reductions; (v) adopt environmental protection,
occupational safety, and occupational health measures; (vi) comply with environmental laws; (vii) demonstrate a domestic content
percentage of at least 60% and engage an audit service to verify local content; and (viii) notify BNDES if any person holding a paid
position at the borrower or any of its owners, controlling shareholders or directors is elected or sworn in as a member of the National
Congress.

Under
the BNDES Construction Loan Agreements (with variations), BNDES has the right to declare all outstanding loan balances immediately due
and payable if, among other things: (i) any provision is included in the borrower’s or its controlling entities’ organizational
documents that restricts the borrower’s growth, access to new markets, or ability to pay its financial obligations under the BNDES
Construction Loans; (ii) the borrower fails to offer a training program in the event of workforce reductions; (iii) a final
and non-appealable judgment holds the borrower liable for certain labor or environmental violations; (iv) the borrower or the guarantor
breaches any of its obligations under the BNDES Construction Loans; (v) the borrower undergoes a change in control without the lender’s
consent; (vi) any judicial proceeding or other event occurs that may affect the guarantee in favor of BNDES; (vii) the borrower
uses the loan proceeds for unallowed purposes; or (viii) any person holding a paid position at the borrower or any of its owners,
controlling shareholders or directors is elected or sworn in as a member of National Congress.

The
obligations under the BNDES Construction Loan Agreements are secured by a perfected security interest in eleven vessels owned by WSO.
The vessels serving as collateral must maintain an aggregate appraisal value equal to at least 110% of the outstanding loan balance for
Credit Facility Agreements Nos. 07.2.0417.1, 07.2.0418.1, 12.2.0433.1, and 12.2.0434.1 and 130% of the outstanding loan balance for Credit
Facility Agreement No. 10.2.1621.1 (such ratio, the “ collateral coverage ratio ”). The guarantees provided by the
Sellers (or their affiliates) will remain in place after the Closing Date. It is expected that the Company will replace the Sellers (or
their affiliates) as the new guarantor upon finalizing the terms of the Company’s guarantee and the supporting documentation. Upon
the Company becoming the new guarantor and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, the BNDES Construction Loan Agreements will be
amended to, among other things, raise the interest rates to 3.21% for Credit Facility Agreements Nos. 07.2.0417.1, 07.2.0418.1, 12.2.0433.1,
and 12.2.0434.1 and 3.77% for Credit Facility Agreement No. 10.2.1621.1, as well as increase the collateral coverage ratio for all
BNDES Construction Loans to 130%.

The
foregoing summary of the BNDES Construction Loans is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the text of the BNDES Construction
Loan Agreements, a copy of which will be filed with the Company’s Quarterly Report for Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2026.

 BNDES
Conversion & Drydock Loans 

After
the Closing Date, WSO and MNB will maintain the existing loan facilities under the Credit Facility Agreements Nos. 22.9.0071.1, 22.9.0087.1,
23.9.0103.1, 24.9.0195.1 and 26.9.0068.1 (collectively, the “ BNDES C&D Loan Agreements ” and such loans, the “ BNDES
C&D Loans ”), entered into between December 2022 and July 2026 and as amended, by and between BNDES, as lender,
and WSO or MNB, as applicable, as borrower. These loan facilities were created to finance the engine overhaul, drydocking, modernization
and conversion of the borrowers’ vessels.

Each
BNDES C&D Loan Agreement provides for a loan facility with an interest rate of 3% (or, in the case of Credit Facility Agreement No.
26.9.0068.1, a rate of 2.4%) per annum. Maturity dates vary across the facilities: Credit Facility Agreement Nos. 22.9.0071.1 and 22.9.0087.1
mature between December 2028 and December 2030; Credit Facility Agreement No. 23.9.0103.1 matures between February 2027 and February 2031;
and Credit Facility Agreement No. 24.9.0195.1 matures between January 2028 and January 2035. The principal of the foregoing facilities
currently amortizes in aggregate monthly installments of approximately USD $1.8 million (subject to adjustment as individual loans mature
or additional disbursements are made), and interest is payable monthly. Credit Facility Agreement No. 26.9.0068.1 was entered into in
July 2026 for a total amount of approximately USD $26.8 million, with the initial disbursement scheduled for October 2026 and maturity
dates between July 2032 and July 2035. As of the Closing Date, the BNDES C&D Loans had an aggregate outstanding principal amount of
approximately USD $36.7 million.

The
BNDES C&D Loan Agreements contain certain customary covenants, including that the borrower must comply with the “Provisions
Applicable to BNDES Contracts” ( Disposições Aplicáveis aos Contratos do BNDES, Resoluçăo 665/87 ).
Among its other obligations (with variations among the loan agreements), the borrower must: (i) complete the projects within a set
period; (ii) comply with certain environmental obligations related to the projects and notify BNDES of environmental damages that
may compromise the projects; (iii) notify BNDES of certain lawsuits and proceedings involving the borrower, its affiliates, employees,
agents or representatives, or suppliers essential to the projects; (iv) deliver audited annual financial statements; (v) not
incur indebtedness (subject to exceptions); (vi) not sell or encumber assets (subject to exceptions); (vii) not carry out any
change in control; (viii) notify BNDES if any person holding a paid position at the borrower or any of its owners, controlling shareholders
or directors is elected or sworn in as a member of the National Congress; and (ix) not use the loan proceeds in any country or territory
in violation of sanctions.

Under
the BNDES C&D Loan Agreements (with variations), BNDES has the right to declare all outstanding loan balances immediately due and
payable if, among other things: (i) a final and non-appealable judgment holds the borrower liable for certain labor or environmental
violations; (ii) any of the borrower’s representations is inaccurate; (iii) the borrower engages in bankruptcy proceedings;
(iv) the borrower breaches its obligations relating to the guarantees; (v) the borrower commits any anti-bribery, anti-terrorism,
anti-money laundering, or certain other laws; (vi) any provision is included in the borrower’s or its controlling entities’
organizational documents that restricts the borrower’s growth, access to new markets, or ability to pay its financial obligations
under the BNDES C&D Loans; (vii) the borrower uses the loan proceeds for unallowed purposes; or (viii) any person holding
a paid position at the borrower or any of its owners, controlling shareholders or directors is elected or sworn in as a member of the
National Congress.

The
obligations under the BNDES C&D Loan Agreements are secured by bank guarantees provided by various banks.

The
foregoing summary of the BNDES C&D Loans is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the text of the BNDES C&D Loan Agreements,
a copy of which will be filed with the Company’s Quarterly Report for Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2026.

 Item 7.01 
 Regulation FD Disclosure. 

On August 31, 2026,
the Company issued a press release announcing the completion of the Transaction. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1
to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth under this item.

The
information furnished pursuant to Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“ Exchange Act ”) or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing made by us under the Exchange Act
or Securities Act of 1933, as amended, regardless of any general incorporation language in any such filing, except as shall be expressly
set forth by specific reference in such filing.

 Disclaimer
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

In
accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company notes that certain statements
set forth in this communication are forward-looking statements that reflect its current view with respect to future events and future
financial performance. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical fact, including, without limitation,
statements about the Company’s replacement as the guarantor for the BNDES Construction Loans, the expected benefits of the Transaction
and the Company’s ability to integrate the Target Companies’ operations and business successfully. All such forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, and our future results of operations
could differ materially from our historical results or current expectations reflected by such forward-looking statements. These risks
and uncertainties include, without limitation: potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the completion
of the Transaction; the effects of disruption to our business; the effects of industry, market, economic, political or regulatory conditions
outside of our control; transaction costs; our ability to achieve the benefits from the Transaction, including the anticipated cash flow
generation and customer relationships; our ability to promptly, efficiently and effectively integrate the vessels into our own operations;
unknown liabilities; and the diversion of management time on integration-related issues. Other important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include: fluctuations in worldwide energy demand and oil and
gas prices; fleet additions by competitors and industry overcapacity; limited capital resources available to replenish our asset base
as needed, including through acquisitions or vessel construction, and to fund our capital expenditure needs; uncertainty of global financial
market conditions and potential constraints in accessing capital or credit if and when needed with favorable terms, if at all; changes
in decisions and capital spending by customers based on industry expectations for offshore exploration, field development and production;
consolidation of our customer base; loss of a major customer; changing customer demands for vessel specifications, which may make some
of our older vessels technologically obsolete for certain customer projects or in certain markets; rapid technological changes; delays
and other problems associated with vessel maintenance; the continued availability of qualified personnel and our ability to attract and
retain them; the operating risks normally incident to our lines of business, including the potential impact of liquidated counterparties;
our ability to comply with covenants in our indentures and other debt instruments; acts of terrorism and piracy; the impact of regional
or global public health crises or pandemics; the impact of potential information technology, cybersecurity or data security breaches;
integration of acquired businesses and entry into new lines of business; disagreements with our joint venture partners; natural disasters
or significant weather conditions; unsettled political conditions, war, civil unrest and governmental actions, such as expropriation or
enforcement of customs or other laws that are not well developed or consistently enforced; risks associated with our international operations,
including local content, local currency or similar requirements especially in higher political risk countries where we operate; interest
rate and foreign currency fluctuations; labor changes proposed by international conventions; increased regulatory burdens and oversight;
changes in laws governing the taxation of foreign source income; retention of skilled workers; enforcement of laws related to the environment,
labor and foreign corrupt practices; increased global concern, regulation and scrutiny regarding climate change; increased stockholder
activism; the potential liability for remedial actions or assessments under existing or future environmental regulations or litigation;
the effects of asserted and unasserted claims and the extent of available insurance coverage; the resolution of pending legal proceedings;
and other risks and uncertainties detailed in our most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Qs and Form 8-Ks filed with or furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of
any such development changes), or should our underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results or outcomes may vary materially from
those reflected in our forward-looking statements. Statements in this communication are made as of the date hereof, and the Company disclaims
any intention or obligation to update publicly or revise such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

 Item
9.01           Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(a)          Financial
Statements of Business Acquired 

The
financial statements required by this Item 9.01(a) will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K within 71 calendar
days after the date on which this Current Report is required to be filed.

(b)          Pro
Forma Financial Information 

The
pro forma financial information required by this Item 9.01(b) will be filed by amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K
within 71 calendar days after the date on which this Current Report is required to be filed.

(c)          Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed herewith:

 Exhibit

No. 
 
 Description 

 2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Wilson, Sons Ultratug Participações S.A. and Atlantic Offshore Services S.A., dated as of August 25, 2026, by and among Wilson Sons S.A., Ultranav International II, S.A., Remolcadores Ultratug Limitada, Wilson, Sons Ultratug Participações S.A., Atlantic Offshore Services S.A., Pan Marine do Brasil Ltda., Tidewater Marine International, Inc. and Tidewater Inc. 

 99.1 
 
 Press Release announcing the completion of the Transaction, dated August 31, 2026 

 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 TIDEWATER INC. 

 Dated: August 31, 2026 

 By: 
 /s/ Daniel A. Hudson 

 Daniel A. Hudson 

 Executive Vice President,
 Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary