EX-99.1
 2
 vsecorporationdeclaresquar.htm
 VSE CORPORATION EX-99.1 - PRESS RELEASE DATED AUGUST 6, 2026

 VSE CORPORATION DECLARES QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND 

 MIRAMAR, FL., August 6, 2026 – VSE Corporation (“VSE” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ: VSEC, VSECU), a leading provider of aviation aftermarket distribution and repair services, announced that the Company’s Board of Directors has declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share of VSE common stock. The dividend is payable on October 29, 2026, to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 15, 2026. 

 ABOUT VSE CORPORATION 

 VSE is a leading provider of Aviation distribution and repair services for the commercial and business and general aviation (B&GA) aftermarkets. Headquartered in Miramar, Florida, VSE is focused on significantly enhancing the productivity and longevity of its customers' high-value, business-critical assets. VSE’s aftermarket parts distribution and maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) services support engine component and engine and airframe accessory part distribution and repair services for commercial and B&GA operators. For more detailed information, please visit VSE's website at www.vsecorp.com . 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, which are included in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause VSE’s actual results to vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such statements. Many factors could cause actual results and performance to be materially different from any future results or performance, including, among others, the risk factors described in our reports filed or expected to be filed with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement or statement of belief speaks only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results. 

 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: 

 Michael Perlman 

 Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasury 

 Phone: (954) 547-0480 

 Email: investors@vsecorp.com