EX-99.2
 3
 srrk-20260507xex99d2.htm
 EX-99.2

 Exhibit 99.2 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
Q1 2026 Earnings Call
MAY 7, 2026
Exhibit 99.2 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
2
TOPIC SPEAKER
BUSINESS UPDATE David L. Hallal
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
R&D PROGRESS Akshay Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D.
President of R&D
COMMERCIAL READINESS Keith Woods
Chief Operating Officer
COMPANY FINANCIALS Vikas Sinha
Chief Financial Officer
5 Q&A SESSION
1
2
3
4
Q1 2026
EARNINGS
CALL 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
3
Forward-Looking Statements
Various statements in this presentation concerning the future expectations, plans and prospects of Scholar Rock Holding Corporation and Scholar Rock, Inc. (collectively,
“Scholar Rock”), including without limitation, Scholar Rock’s expectations regarding its growth, strategy, progress and timing of its clinical trials and development programs
for apitegromab, including its subcutaneous formulation, SRK-439 and its preclinical programs, and indication selection and development timing, including the timing of any
regulatory submissions, decisions and anticipated approvals, the therapeutic potential, clinical benefits and safety of any product candidates, its ability to address the
observations identified in the complete response letter, expectations regarding actions by the FDA after its reinspection of the Catalent Indiana facility; the expected timing
and outcome of FDA review of the accepted BLA for apitegromab; expectations regarding the availability and timing of commercial supply of apitegromab from third-party
U.S.-based fill-finish facility, including expected supply from the second fill-finish facility; expectations regarding commercial launch timing, and the achievement of
important milestones, the ability of any product candidate to perform in humans in a manner consistent with earlier nonclinical, preclinical or clinical trial data, and the
potential of its product candidates and proprietary platform. The use of words such as “may,” “could,” “might,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,”
“believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “intend,” “future,” “potential,” or “continue,” and other similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements for
the purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All such forward-looking statements are based on management's
current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set
forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, that preclinical and clinical data, including the results from
the Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical trial of apitegromab, data from any ongoing or future trials of apitegromab or data for SRK-439, are not predictive of, may be inconsistent
with, or more favorable than, data generated from future or ongoing clinical trials of the same product candidates; whether the FDA will accept the remediations to the
Catalent Indiana fill finish facility in response to the FDA Observations, whether the updated BLA will be sufficient to support regulatory approval, Scholar Rock’s ability to
manage expenses or provide the financial support, resources and expertise necessary to identify and develop product candidates on the expected timeline; information
provided or decisions made by regulatory authorities; competition from third parties that are developing products for similar uses; Scholar Rock’s ability to obtain, maintain
and protect its intellectual property; the success of Scholar Rock’s current and potential future collaborations; Scholar Rock’s dependence on third parties for development
and manufacture of product candidates including, without limitation, to supply any clinical trials; Scholar Rock’s ability to obtain additional funding when needed to support
its business activities; its ability to receive priority or expedited regulatory review or to obtain regulatory approval of apitegromab; its ability to expand globally and the
anticipated commercial launch in the United States of apitegromab in 2026; as well as those risks more fully discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in Scholar Rock’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, as well as discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in Scholar Rock’s
subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements represent Scholar Rock’s views only as of today and should not be relied
upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. All information in this presentation is as of the date of this presentation, and Scholar Rock undertakes no duty to
update this information unless required by law.
This presentation may also contain estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our
industry. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. In addition, projections,
assumptions, and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the markets in which we compete are necessarily subject to a high degree of
uncertainty and risk.
Apitegromab and SRK-439 are investigational drug candidates under evaluation. Apitegromab and SRK-439 have not been approved for any use by the FDA or any other
regulatory agency and the safety and efficacy of apitegromab and SRK-439 have not been established. 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
Business Update
David L. Hallal
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
4 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
5
Scholar Rock is positioned for a pivotal year ahead
Our top priority: Bringing apitegromab to children and adults living with SMA
BLA, Biologics License Application; PDUFA, Prescription Drug User Fee Act.
Included in BLA resubmission,
providing two independent
paths to FDA approval
Two Fill-Finish
Facilities
Apitegromab
BLA Accepted
by FDA
Steady and rapid progress
continues in collaboration
with the FDA
U.S. Commercial team
is ready for launch
immediately upon approval,
which may be granted at any
time through September 30th
PDUFA Action Date
of September 30th 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
6
Two independent paths to apitegromab FDA approval by September
30th PDUFA date
BLA, Biologics License Application; PDUFA, Prescription Drug User Fee Act.
U.S. Commercial team is ready to launch apitegromab immediately upon FDA approval
FDA Completes
Reinspection
Drug
Product Vialed
To support
FDA review
FDA/Catalent
Indiana Meeting
Early Q1 2026
Type C Meeting with
FDA
Within 90 days of end of
reinspection, per FDA guidelines
FDA Classifies
Facility
Commercial Apitegromab
Supply Available
Early Q3 2026
CATALENT INDIANA
FACILITY
SECOND FILL-FINISH
FACILITY
Apitegromab
BLA Accepted
Submitted late
March; includes
two fill-finish
facilities
POTENTIAL
FDA
APPROVAL
Early Q2 2026
Early March 2026 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
SHAPING THE FUTURE OF TREATMENT FOR
PATIENTS LIVING WITH RARE NEUROMUSCULAR DISEASES
INITIATE PHASE 2
STUDY for apitegromab
in facioscapulohumeral
muscular dystrophy
SRK-439 PHASE 1
STUDY topline data
in healthy
volunteers
MID - 2026 H2 2026
APITEGROMAB FOR PATIENTS WITH SMA
Myostatin inhibitor with a successful Phase 3 study
Only muscle-targeted treatment to show a statistically
significant, clinically meaningful benefit in SMA
ON TRACK
BLA resubmission accepted by FDA; PDUFA action
date of September 30th
CHMP opinion anticipated near mid-2026
~35,000 have received an SMN-targeted therapy1-3
$2B+ opportunity to serve patients with SMA alone $480M in cash and cash
equivalents as of
March 31, 2026
7
Scholar Rock is poised for a transformative year
SMA, Spinal Muscular Atrophy; PDUFA, Prescription Drug User Fee Act; CHMP, Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use; SC, Subcutaneous. 1. Biogen Q4 2023 Report; 2. Roche Q3 2024
report; 3. Novartis Q4 2024 Report.
PHASE 2 OPAL
STUDY for apitegromab
in infants and toddlers
with SMA
UNDERWAY
SC APITEGROMAB
development
activities
ONGOING 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
R&D Progress
Akshay Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D.
President of R&D
8 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
9
Advancing Scholar Rock’s world-leading anti-myostatin pipeline
*Following FDA and EMA regulatory approval of IV apitegromab; YoA, Years of Age; PDUFA, Prescription Drug User Fee Act; CHMP, Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use.
Program Indication Milestone
Apitegromab
Spinal Muscular
Atrophy ≥2 YoA
PDUFA action date of
September 30 CHMP opinion mid-2026
Facioscapulohumeral
muscular dystrophy Phase 2 FORGE study initiation in mid-2026
SRK-439 Healthy Volunteers Phase 1 study topline results expected in H2 2026
Subcutaneous
Apitegromab
Development activities ongoing, with anticipated FDA and
EMA regulatory engagements on clinical path forward*
Spinal Muscular
Atrophy
Phase 2 OPAL study in infants
and toddlers ongoing
Spinal Muscular
Atrophy <2 YoA 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
Evaluating PK, PD, efficacy,
safety, and tolerability of
apitegromab over 48 weeks
1 0
Furthering our commitment to broad SMA community
Ongoing Phase 2 OPAL study evaluating apitegromab in infants and toddlers with SMA
PK, Pharmacokinetic; PD, Pharmacodynamic.
Patient enrollment and dosing underway in Phase 2 OPAL study
including evaluation of apitegromab in patients
who received SMN1-targeted gene therapy
Expanding our potential impact
to reach patients earlier
Focused on addressing the needs of
children <2 years of age with SMA
seeking to address the motor neuron and muscle
in youngest patients
Time is muscle 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
1 1
FSHD: Rare, devastating NMD with significant unmet need
>30,000 patients diagnosed in U.S. and Europe1-3; no approved therapies
FLExD, FLExDUX4.Cre; FSHD, facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy; NMD, Neuromuscular Disease; WT, wild type; Ab, antibody; 6MWD, 6-minute walk distance. 1.Scholar Rock. Data on file.
2. Tihaya MS, et al. Nat Rev Neurol. 2023;19(2):91-108. 3. Attarian S, et al. J Neurol. 2024;271(9):5778-5803. 4. Fogel A. Presented at: FSHD Society International Research Congress; Jun 12-
13, 2025; Amsterdam, Netherlands. 5. Bankole, LC, et al. Medicine. 2016; 95(31). 6. Andersen, G, et al. Neurology. 2015; 85:396-403. 7. Heatwole, CR, et al. Neurol Genet. 2025;11:e200292.
Support for apitegromab therapeutic hypothesis in FSHD
Randomized studies of exercise programs suggest muscle has
capacity to show functional benefit5,6
Study of anabolic agents suggests increase in lean mass and
muscle function7
Increase in Lean Body Mass Improvement in 6MWD
FSHD FLExDUX4 Mouse Model
Robust Increase in Muscle
Mass (28 Days)4
WT
Control Ab
muSRK-015P
0
20
40
60
TA Weight (mg)
11%
Phase 2 FORGE study on track to initiate mid-2026 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
1 2
Advancing innovation with subcutaneous apitegromab and SRK-439
SRK-439 is a novel, investigational myostatin inhibitor.
Leveraging world-leading expertise to drive continued innovation
Subcutaneous Apitegromab
Phase 1 study comparing
intravenous (IV) and subcutaneous
(SC) apitegromab in healthy
volunteers
At 800mg, SC and IV apitegromab
produced overlapping PD
responses (total latent myostatin)
Further development activities
ongoing, including anticipated FDA
and EMA regulatory engagements
following apitegromab approvals
SRK-439
Novel, highly potent myostatin
inhibitor
Phase 1 study in healthy
volunteers in progress; topline
data expected in H2 2026
Optimized for subcutaneous
administration
Strong preclinical data
demonstrating favorable muscle
mass preservation 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
Commercial Readiness
Keith Woods
Chief Operating Officer
1 3 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
1 4
Muscle strength and motor function remain the top unmet need
in children and adults living with SMA
SMA, Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
Scholar Rock’s disease education
program continues to focus on
a broader understanding of SMA
as a disease of the motor unit—
which consists of both the
motor neuron and the muscle
MUSCLE
MOTOR
NEURON
OF PATIENTS
continue to experience persistent and progressive 95%
muscle atrophy that limits function and independence
OF PEOPLE LIVING WITH SMA
IN THE U.S.
have received two or more FDA approved SMA
treatments, either sequentially or in combination
~1/3 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
1 5
U.S commercial team operating with urgency to prepare for launch
SMA, Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
SMA Treatment Centers, SMA
Prescribing Physicians, Multi-Disciplinary Care Teams
TARGETING
>2,600
SMA
Prescribers
TARGETING
140
SMA
Centers
Patient Engagement &
Community Activation
National & Regional Payers
Medicare & Medicaid 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
1 6
Strong momentum with apitegromab launch readiness in Europe in
advance of mid-2026 CHMP opinion
SMA, Spinal Muscular Atrophy; CHMP, Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use.
1 Building world-class team
2 Engaging the SMA community
3 Establishing access 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
~35,000
SMA patients have received an approved
SMN-targeted therapy1-3
Powering Scholar Rock through the end of this decade and into the next
1 7
Global apitegromab opportunity in SMA alone offers potential
for many years of sustainable growth
1. Biogen Q4 2023 Report; 2. Roche Q3 2024 report; 3. Novartis Q4 2024 Report. SMN, survival motor neuron. 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
Company Financials
Vikas Sinha
Chief Financial Officer
1 8 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
1 9
Operating with financial discipline to achieve our ambitions
as of March 31, 2026
$480M
in cash and equivalents
Prioritized investments focused on:
Apitegromab commercial launch readiness
in the U.S. and Europe 1
Strengthening supply chain to support expanding
pipeline and anticipated growing global
commercial demand for apitegromab over time
2
3 Advancing highly innovative clinical programs 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
Closing Remarks
David L. Hallal
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
2 0 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
Q&A
2 1 

 © 2026 Scholar Rock, Inc. All rights reserved.
For more information, please contact:
ir@scholarrock.com
media@scholarrock.com
Or visit us at www.scholarrock.com
2 2