EX-99.1
 2
 isba_2026q3xdivannxex991.htm
 EX-99.1

 Exhibit 99.1 

 Isabella Bank Corporation Announces Third Quarter 2026 Dividend 

 Mt. Pleasant, Michigan, August 27, 2026 - Isabella Bank Corporation (Nasdaq: ISBA) today announced its Board of Directors declared a third-quarter cash dividend of $0.28 per common share at its regular meeting on August 26, 2026. The dividend will be payable September 30, 2026 to shareholders of record as of September 28, 2026. 

 About Isabella Bank Corporation 

 Isabella Bank Corporation (Nasdaq: ISBA) is the parent holding company of Isabella Bank, a state-chartered community bank headquartered in Mt. Pleasant, Michigan. Isabella Bank was established in 1903 and has been committed to serving its customers' and communities' local banking needs for over 120 years. The Bank offers personal and commercial lending and deposit products, as well as investment, trust, and estate planning services through Isabella Wealth. The Bank has 31 locations throughout eight Mid-Michigan counties: Bay, Clare, Gratiot, Isabella, Mecosta, Midland, Montcalm, and Saginaw. 

 For more information about Isabella Bank Corporation, visit the Investor Relations link at www.isabellabank.com. 

 Contact 

 Lori Peterson, Director of Marketing 

 Phone: 989-779-6333 Fax: 989-775-5501 

 Forward-Looking Statements 

 Information in this release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder. We intend such forward looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are included in this statement for purposes of these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements generally relate to losses, impact of events, financial condition, plans, objectives, outlook for earnings, revenues, expenses, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position, and other matters regarding or affecting the Company and its future business and operations. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as “will likely result", “expect”, “plan”, “believe”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “strategy”, “trend”, “forecast”, “outlook”, “project”, “intend”, “assume”, “outcome”, “continue”, “remain”, “potential”, “opportunity”, “comfortable”, “current”, “position”, “maintain”, “sustain”, “seek”, “achieve” and variations of such words and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, would, should, could or may. Although we believe the assumptions upon which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those made, projected, or implied in or by the forward-looking statements depending on a variety of uncertainties or other factors described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, or included in any subsequent filing by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. The Company cautions you not to unduly rely on forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations, and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as to the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made.