false 0001638290 
 0001638290 2026-05-07 2026-05-07 

 UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 8-K 

 CURRENT REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 07, 2026 

 MasterCraft Boat Holdings, Inc. 

 (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

 Delaware 

 001-37502 

 06-1571747 

 (State or Other Jurisdiction
of Incorporation) 

 (Commission File Number) 

 (IRS Employer
Identification No.) 

 100 Cherokee Cove Drive 

 Vonore , Tennessee 

 37885 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

 (Zip Code) 

 Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 423 884-2221 

 (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 

 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 ☒ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

 Trading
Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

 Common Stock 

 MCFT 

 The Nasdaq Stock Market 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

 Emerging growth company ☐ 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

 Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 

 On May 7, 2026, MasterCraft Boat Holdings, Inc. (“MasterCraft”) announced its financial results for its fiscal 2026 quarter ended March 29, 2026. The full text of the press release issued in connection with the announcement is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 The information in this Form 8-K (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly provided by specific reference in such a filing. 

 Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

 (d) Exhibits 

 The following exhibits are being furnished as part of this report: 

 Exhibit No. 

 Description 

 99.1 

 Press Release dated May 7, 2026 

 104 

 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

 Forward Looking Statements 

 This Current Report on Form 8-K (this “Current Report”) includes forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995). Forward-looking statements can often be identified by such words and phrases as “believes,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “continue” and similar expressions and comparable terminology or the negative thereof. 

 Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: (i) the anticipated financial performance of the combined company; (ii) the expected synergies and efficiencies to be achieved as a result of the proposed transactions; (iii) expectations regarding the diversification and complementary nature of brand portfolios; (iv) expectations regarding the complementary nature of dealer networks; (v) expectations regarding enhancements to the manufacturing platform and technological innovation; (vi) the financial profile and profitability of the combined company; (vii) expectations regarding cost savings; (viii) expectations regarding the combined company’s employees, vendors, dealers and manufacturing operations; (ix) expectations regarding the realization of benefits of the proposed transactions and the timing associated with realization thereof; and (x) the receipt of all necessary approvals to close the proposed transactions and the timing associated therewith. These and other important factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in MasterCraft’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, filed with the SEC on August 27, 2025, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings made with the SEC, and Marine Products’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2026, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings made with the SEC, in each case could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. The discussion of these risks is specifically incorporated by reference into this Current Report. 

 Any such forward-looking statements represent estimates as of the date of this Current Report. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report. MasterCraft undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to update or supplement any forward-looking statements that may become untrue or cause our views to change, whether because of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. Comparisons of results for current and prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance, unless expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 

 Additional Information and Where to Find It 

 In connection with the proposed transactions, MasterCraft intends to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”), which will include a prospectus with respect to the shares of MasterCraft common stock to be issued in the proposed transactions and a joint proxy statement/prospectus for MasterCraft’s and Marine Products’ respective stockholders (the “Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus”). The definitive joint proxy statement (if and when available) will be mailed to stockholders of MasterCraft and Marine Products. Each of MasterCraft and Marine Products may also file with or furnish to the SEC other relevant documents regarding the proposed transactions. This communication is not a substitute for the Registration Statement, the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or any other document that MasterCraft and Marine Products may mail to their respective stockholders in connection with the proposed transactions. 

 INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THOSE DOCUMENTS AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED OR TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS, WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY DO AND WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT MASTERCRAFT, MARINE PRODUCTS AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS. 

 Investors and security holders may obtain copies of these documents free of charge through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov or from MasterCraft at its website, www.mastercraft.com , or from Marine Products at its website, www.marineproductscorp.com . Documents filed with the SEC by MasterCraft will be available free of charge by accessing the investor section of MasterCraft’s website, www.investors.mastercraft.com , or, alternatively, by directing a request by email to MasterCraft at investorrelations@mastercraft.com and documents filed with the SEC by Marine Products will be available free of charge by accessing Marine Products’ website at www.marineproductscorp.com under the heading Investor Relations or, alternatively, by directing a request by email to Marine Products at jlarge@marineproductscorp.com. 

 Participants in the Solicitation 

 MasterCraft, Marine Products and certain of their respective directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of MasterCraft and Marine Products in connection with the proposed transactions under the rules of the SEC. Information about MasterCraft’s directors and executive officers is available in MasterCraft’s proxy statement dated September 15, 2025 for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (available here ). To the extent holdings of MasterCraft common stock by the directors and executive officers of MasterCraft have changed from the 

 amounts of MasterCraft common stock held by such persons as reflected therein, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC (available here ). Information about Marine Products’ directors and executive officers is available in Marine Products’ proxy statement dated March 12, 2025 for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (available here ). To the extent holdings of Marine Products common stock by the directors and executive officers of Marine Products have changed from the amounts of Marine Products common stock held by such persons as reflected therein, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC (available here ). Other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transactions when they become available. Investors should read the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. You may obtain free copies of these documents from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or from MasterCraft or Marine Products using the sources indicated above. 

 No Offer or Solicitation 

 This Current Report does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval with respect to the proposed transactions or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Current Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

 MASTERCRAFT BOAT HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Date: 

 May 7, 2026 

 By: 

 /s/ W. SCOTT KENT 

 W. Scott Kent
 Chief Financial Officer