EX-99.1
 5
 exhibit99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

 Exhibit 99.1 

 VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY DECLARES QUARTERLY DIVIDEND 

MALVERN,
Pa., August 12, 2026 - Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH), one of the world's
largest manufacturers of discrete semiconductors and passive components,
announced today that the Company’s Board of Directors declared a dividend of
$0.10 per share of common stock and Class B common stock, to be paid September 24,
2026 to stockholders of record as of the close of business September 10, 2026.
Future dividends will be subject to Board approval.

 About Vishay 

Vishay
manufactures one of the world’s largest portfolios of discrete semiconductors
and passive electronic components that are essential to innovative designs in
the automotive, industrial, computing, consumer, telecommunications, military,
aerospace, and healthcare markets. Serving customers worldwide, Vishay is 
 The DNA of tech ®. Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. is a Fortune 1,000
Company listed on the NYSE (VSH). More on Vishay at www.vishay.com.

 Forward-Looking
Statements 

Statements
contained herein that relate to the Company's future cash dividends on its
common stock and Class B common stock are forward-looking statements within the
safe harbor provisions of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Words such as “to be,” "will be," or other similar words or
expressions often identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are
based on current expectations only, and are subject to certain risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, many of which are beyond our control. Should one
or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results, performance, or achievements may
vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. Among the
factors that could cause actual results to materially differ include: general
business and economic conditions; manufacturing or supply chain interruptions
or changes in customer demand due to political, economic, and health
instability and military conflicts and hostilities; delays or difficulties in
implementing our cost reduction strategies; delays or difficulties in expanding
our manufacturing capacities; an inability to attract and retain highly
qualified personnel; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; uncertainty
related to the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
competition and technological changes in our industries; difficulties in new
product development; difficulties in identifying suitable acquisition
candidates, consummating a transaction on terms which we consider acceptable,
and integration and performance of acquired businesses; changes in U.S. and
foreign trade regulations and tariffs, and uncertainty regarding the same;
volatility in prices for metals and materials; changes in applicable domestic
and foreign tax regulations, and uncertainty regarding the same; changes in
applicable accounting standards and other factors affecting our operations that
are set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including our annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form
10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise.

 The DNA of tech ® is a trademark
of Vishay Intertechnology. 

Contact: 

Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc.

Peter Henrici

Executive Vice President, Corporate Development

+1-610-644-1300