false International Money Express, Inc. 0001683695 MIAMI NASDAQ 
 0001683695 2025-08-11 2025-08-11 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K 

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 11, 2025 

 INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)

 Delaware 

 001-37986 

 47-4219082 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

(Commission File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

 9100 South Dadeland Blvd. ,
 Suite 1100 , Miami ,
 Florida 

 33156 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 305 ) 671-8000 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
 following provisions:

 ☐ 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 ☒ 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 ☐ 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 ☐ 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

 Common stock ($0.0001 par value) 

 IMXI 

 The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this
 chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐ 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 

Item 7.01.

Regulation FD.

On August 11, 2025 , The Western Union Company, a Delaware
 corporation (“ Parent ”), conducted an investor call with International Money Express, Inc. (the “ Company ”),

 a Delaware corporation, regarding the proposed acquisition by Parent of the Company. A copy of each of the investor presentation and script to the investor call is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, respectively, and is incorporated
 by reference herein.

The information furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 furnished herewith, shall not be deemed “filed” for
 purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01.

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit No.

Description

 99.1 

Investor Presentation, dated August 11, 2025.

 99.2 

Script to Investor Call, dated August 11, 2025.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Additional Information and Where to Find It

This communication relates to a proposed acquisition (the “ Transaction ”) of International
 Money Express, Inc. (“ Intermex ”) by The Western Union Company (“ Western Union ”).

In connection with the Transaction, Intermex will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) a proxy statement (the “ Proxy Statement ”), the definitive version of which will be sent or provided to Intermex stockholders. Intermex may
 also file other documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. This document is not a substitute for the Proxy Statement or any other document which Intermex may file with the SEC. INVESTORS AND SECURITYHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT ARE FILED OR WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS,
 CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN OR WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. 

Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the Proxy Statement (when it is available) and other documents that are filed with the SEC or will be filed
 with the SEC by Intermex (when they become available) through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov or from Intermex at its website, www.intermexonline.com.

Participants in the Solicitation

Intermex and certain of its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Intermex in
 connection with the Transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information about the interests of the directors and executive officers of Intermex and other persons who may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of stockholders of Intermex
 in connection with the Transaction and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the Proxy Statement related to the Transaction, which will be filed with the SEC. Additional
 information about Intermex, the directors and executive officers of Intermex and their ownership of Intermex common stock can also be found in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed with the SEC on February
 27, 2025, and its definitive proxy statement, as amended, as filed with the SEC on May 12, 2025, and other documents subsequently filed by Intermex with the SEC. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described above. To the extent holdings of Intermex securities by its directors or executive officers have changed since the amounts set forth in such documents, such changes have been or will be
 reflected on Initial Statements of Beneficial Ownership on Form 3 or Statements of Beneficial Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding the identity of potential participants, and their direct or indirect interests,
 by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the Proxy Statement relating to the proposed transaction when it is filed with the SEC.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this communication may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
 statements, other than statements of historical fact, included or incorporated in this communication are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “should,” “believe,” “target,” “continued,” “project,” “plan,” “opportunity,”
 “estimate,” “potential,” “predict,” “demonstrates,” “may,” “will,” “could,” “intend,” “shall,” “possible,” “forecast,” “trends,” “contemplate,” “would,” “approximately,” “likely,” “outlook,” “schedule,” “pipeline,” “expects,” “intends,” “might,”,
 “assumes,” “estimates,” “approximately,” “shall,” “our planning assumptions,” “future outlook,” “currently,” “target,” “guidance,” and similar and variations of these terms or the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to
 identify these forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results. Forward-looking
 statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond our control. These factors and circumstances include, but are not limited to: (i) the completion of the proposed transaction on anticipated terms and timing or at all, including obtaining stockholder and regulatory approvals and other conditions to the completion of the
 transaction; (ii) the ability of Western Union to integrate and implement its plans, forecasts and other expectations with respect to our business after the completion of the proposed transaction and realize additional opportunities for growth and
 innovation; (iii) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance or condition that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement; (iv) our ability to implement our business strategies; (v) potential significant transaction
 costs associated with the proposed transaction; (vi) changes in capital markets and the ability of the combined company to finance operations in the manner expected; (vii) potential litigation or regulatory actions relating to the proposed
 transaction; (viii) the risk that disruptions from the proposed transaction will harm our business, including current plans and operations, and risks related to diverting management’s attention from our ongoing business operations and
 relationships; (ix) our ability to retain and hire key personnel; (x) potential adverse business uncertainty resulting from the announcement, pendency or completion of the proposed transaction, including restrictions during the pendency of the
 proposed transaction that may impact our ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions; (xi) failure to obtain regulatory approval of the transaction, including under the HSR Act; (xii) legal, regulatory, tax and
 economic developments affecting our business; (xiii) changes in immigration laws and their enforcement, including any adverse effects on the level of immigrant employment, earning potential and other commercial activities; (xiv) our success in
 expanding customer acceptance of our digital services and infrastructure, as well as developing, introducing and marketing new digital and other products and services; and (xv) other risks and uncertainties described in our most recent Annual
 Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and those indicated from time to time in other documents filed or to be filed with the SEC by Intermex. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication are based on our current
 expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. If underlying assumptions to forward-looking statements prove inaccurate, or if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could
 vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication are made as of the date of this communication, and Intermex disclaims any intention or obligation, other than imposed by
 law, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Persons reading this communication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

INTERNATIONAL MONEY EXPRESS, INC.

Dated: August 11, 2025

By:

/s/ Andras Bende

Name:

Andras Bende

Title:

Chief Financial Officer